Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 


Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 


Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 


Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 


Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 


Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 


Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 


Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 


Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. 


Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. Tough times were frequent during my sophomore year of high school and I felt like I couldn’t catch a break. 
Family health issues, financial struggles, and my slipping grades caused me to close myself off from my 
friends. I became so irritable that no one wanted to be in my company and I finally understood the saying 
“misery loves company”. I was upset that everyone was going about their everyday lives while I had to 
struggle with even the simplest of tasks. 


That’s when Mariana stepped up. She showed up at my house with a pint of my favorite ice cream (chocolate, of 
course) and offered a listening ear – something I hadn’t had in months. The overwhelming feeling of release 
had tears flowing down my face and by the time I was done talking, Mariana was blurred in my vision. She 
didn’t say one word. Mariana sat right beside me and just hugged me for a few minutes. The silence between us 
made it feel like hours had passed and when she got up she told me that she was there for me. 


The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 
The guilt started creeping up and I could feel my eyes beginning to swell again. What was I thinking? My 
friends love me and all I did was push them away when I needed them most. Mariana’s small act of kindness had a profound effect on me and reminded me of the power of compassion and 
friendship. It may seem silly, but it has truly changed my life and I am forever grateful for that pint of 
chocolate ice cream and hug. I now carry that same compassion with me everywhere I go and show it to anyone, 
even if I don’t know their whole life story. Something so small and free can truly change someone’s life and 
I hope to be the Mariana to someone else. 

















